# Old-School-C-projects-
This repository contains some code writen in C language back when I was studying my bachelor degree in engineering, Some parts of the code might be useful for someone.

Back then when i was doing my degree i didn't use that many comments in my code and i used to write a lot of the code in spanish(mostly variables) so in the future i will try to fix those lines of code by using more understandable variables and adding some comments about how it works in english. 

this first repository contains a final project that i made back in my first semester, It is an application made in pure C with the goal of being useful for a place where a sales inventory is kept. It could be said that it is a system for storing values for a store. It can store sellers, products, and keep a record of the products sold and who sold them. Honestly, it has been so long since this project was made that I don't remember half of the code, but I think it is structured enough in different functions and groups of char variables that it is understandable how it works and an example of the use of pointers to make product comparisons. It could be useful for someone who wants to learn a little more about C.

The second part of this repository is mostly microcontroller code using MPLAB from Microchip, as the first project, this one contains some projects that i made back when i was at school. I think the most useful thing that can be done with this code in general is to see how embedded systems work and see more deeply into the C language for programming systems such as Arduino and understand concepts about flags and status bits in physical systems. Maybe in the future I will add the explanation videos (in Spanish) of each of these programs.
